## Client-side Parameters that may affect Data

There are several conditions surrounding the client-side technologies that are going to be used to test the application that need to be considered. As aforementioned, JMeter will be the primary tool used to load test the web application. Whilst this is a very effective and easy-to-learn tool there are several setbacks that may hinder its performance whilst loading the CloudSurvey app in particular.   

###Loading Users onto the Application
The incapability to generate new users with different credentials within the CloudSurvey application requires the method of *simulating* new users by clearing the cache after the execution of every thread. Each thread spawned by JMeter will have the same authentication credentials(admin) as the last, however, they will posses different session attributes therefore simulating multiple clients accessing the website. Whilst this is a good method of providing each thread/user with their own individual session to interact with the CloudSurvey application, it introduces a situation whereby each instance of a new session consumes a portion of  RAM on the client's machine. As the volume of threads/users is increased a higher portion of RAM is consumed on the client's machine which can lead to issues with executing test scripts to completion.

###JMeter GUI Mode vs. Non-GUI Mode
JMeters graphical user interface is intuitive and easy-to-interact with. Whilst developing the test cases, there are an array of powerful tools to use that ensure the test-case is being carried out accurately. Listeners and Assertions are a primary method that allow testers to ensure that their test cases are executing properly. Usually, whilst using assertions and listeners, a low (<10) amount of threads are created, therefore these 'trial-runs' can be run in GUI mode with no considerations made for system resources. However, once proper functionality of the test cases has been realised, load-testing the web application in GUI mode is not recommended ("Five Ways To Launch A Jmeter Test Without Using The Jmeter GUI | Blazemeter"). Therefore all listeners and assertions should be removed/disabled and all load tests should be run from the command line. this ensures that only necessary resources on your system are used whilst performing the test and also ensures a more accurate simulation of how interaction would occur with real-world users.
