###Determining User Peak Times and Interactions

Because the actual application being tested does not have any data regarding user activity, peak times, average user think/pacing-times and frequency of visits, these parameters will be introduced to the tests based on reasonable assumptions made by the testing team.   

- Assumption 1: In accordance with the confined scope of functionality of this application, test scenarios will be devised to cover each aspect of business-critical functionality of the website because of the limited amount of operations a user can actually carry out whilst using CloudSurvey. This will provide a meaningful coverage of all possible user interactions, however, these scenarios will not be based on any actual user data(because there is none), they will merely be based on the available operations of the application and an estimation of what interactions the users are *likely* to have.

- Assumption 2: Peak times for this application are un-obtainable because, as has been aforementioned, there are no real-world users interacting with this application. Therefore, the team will carry out tests, but exclude parameters that would normally be taken into consideration such as business-hours in the country that the server is hosting the application and hours of frequent interaction from real-world users(as they do not exist). In real-world scenarios, simulating tests during peak times and times whereby the server is being taxed is crucial to arriving at accurate results. For example, load testing an e-Commerce application around forecasted usage during seasonal spikes or, load testing a student exam results application whilst several thousand students are trying to access their results would be important factors to consider. In this instance the team will rely on a pure methodology of simply testing and obtaining the results without using the time of the day/week/season as a parameter.

- Assumption 3: As there is no available data on average user-think times, the team will each carry out the test scenarios themselves on the web application, an average time will be calculated amongst the 3 team members and these times will be implemented into the scripts as the think times for the virtual users that are generated by the JMeter scripts. In a real-world situation these think times would be generated by extracting average times from *actual* user data, but in this instance, the above workaround should serve as the most accurate way to arrive at a reasonable think-time. 

